# 하나

깨우다 - awaken ("k, oo-da (bed)," 

칩사 - butler (Alfred has arrived with my typical order, jiblets and sauce.) We are still alone. 하나. Hana. 

자각 - consciousness - jagag. Like the jiblets and sauce you can describe it as jagged, gagging. Recognize it. Jagged, gagging in its immensity and insignificance. Insiknifigsnce. Perception. 

평화 - pyonghwa - peace - 

개구리 - Frog. Like a dog, but a gooey-ribbit ("개 + goo + ri"). 

내쫓다 - exorcise. Expel. "nay, chuck da(t)!" a hillbilly type exclaims while quickly and ruthlessly assessing the value of something. 

인식 - PERCEPTION - Insik - in sik. The moment you feel insignificant you must realize that the act of noticing is itself a demonstration of insight, perception that informs the immensity of jagag. 

익명 - ikmyung - igmyeong - anonymous - Faceless - I'm gone. Igmyeong. I'm gone. 

반사 - reflection - bansa, bounce sun, like a mirror. I am wearing an armor made up of knowledge and experience. I know that I am a reflection of the universe. I know I am an eventuality. I am a redirection of the sun's energy, bansa is the armor I wear and the truth I present with every action I take. 

내성- introspection - tolerance - being kind to myself is being kind to others. Nay, songs not playin here. When the sad song plays, the notes are felt, but they carry on through bansa armor, for one such as I chooses to reflect only light. 


태양 - Taeyang - sun
Dongsang 동상 - Statue - 

---




Scottish accent awakes me
Alfred arriving with jiblets and sauce. Jagged and gagging, as consciousness' immensity. 
Frog has entered the kettlebell once more, it must be shoo-ed. 
Peace, I say to the frog
Exorcise, it replies, simply, it's plight rote and no longer frightening. 
Alfred repeatedly ushers me back to my task, shaking loose 깨고리 from the kettlebell. Waving the jibsa under my nose to remind of jagag. 

A giant dong sang to me from the stage, imploring me to come dance with it. 








