# [J](/major/_0)e[nn](/major/_2)y 

## [대양](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdYJf_ybyVo)

### Across Dayang

#### An Unexpected Solo

Jenny didn't let up. The strings reverberated in ways I'd literally never seen before. 

Her expertise wasn't just unexpected, it was stunning. 

The entire hall was awestruck, staff included. Jenny played on, a gentle rocking of the knee adding an element of bass to her already incredibly complicated composition. 

Despite a packed audience the air had become so still that, despite my senses already being overwhelmed, I pulled long whiffs of my own beer. I knew immediately that smell would be locked in, along with all other sensory perception, and bring me back to this incredible moment. 

Jenny's pace had quickened, but now a lull. Still her knee rocked. Still all the strings hummed in an assortment of sounds I've not heard together before or since. 

The lull ends. I'm holding my breath now, along with everyone else in the room. Building to a crescendo of speed and complexity no mortal could maintain; the end was near. 

Exhale. 

But she isn't done. Another lull. The audience breathes on her whim now, and I break out in a goofy smile. 

These breaks, while lower in complexity and tempo, remain beautiful. Each moment this continues is a treat.

We reach another crescendo. The end comes all at once after a barrage of tricks and flourishes. Like the end of a fireworks show; explosively loud in every dimension, and flashy to the point of blinding. 

The quietness after, even, was intoxicating. 

#### Overburdened

"Maybe we can find a different grip for you..."

Jenny put the rock down. "You think?" She smiled, coyly. We both knew that she'd need a different movement. 

I replied with a wink. "Yeah, I think."

We had each other's number, in that moment. There was no competitiveness, no questioning, just a problem that needed figuring out. 

I knew someone that could help, even if he was far away. It would be worth the journey. 

So I took her to meet Rashid.

