# Tosh 

## Third Bell Guardian

Illusion wraps around all perception. Green and bright. 

### Resurrected

#### Pain

Signals indicating specks of light coalesced in Tosh's frontal cortex as it was stitched together by the nanos, becoming a visual image. He didn't recognize the face before him. 

Even calling the smooth, featureless plane at the fore of this beings head a 'face' seemed a stretch. 

More of Tosh's brain was stitched together. Awareness of his body began to flood into consciousness as his nervous system was reconstructed, piece by piece. Elegantly, exactly. 

The very moment there was control over it to exercise, Tosh opened his mouth and screamed. 

At first it was rough, dry, almost quiet in it's earthiness. Until the nanos finished reconstructing it's veins, musculature, and moisture began to flow. Then it was piercingly loud.

Any mammal that heard such a cry would offer help in the form of a merciful death, as clearly something in this much agony had no other way out. 

Tosh's body was most certainly in tact, each piece functioning as though brand new; evidenced by the sudden frantic thrashing it began. 

He couldn't remember past the trauma of being crushed to death, the specter of the crunching and bleeding and suffering too extreme to comprehend any other state. He could still feel his body being roughly ground away from his shattered skeleton in his last life. That was his whole being. 

The no-faced one before his eyes lowered his head slightly in response to his shrieks and shakes. 

Internally, ideas like "HELP" and "KILL ME" pounded against the inside of Tosh's eyes. Pleadingly he stared into the sheer blankness of his interloceturs face. It must have understood. 

Darkness. 

#### After Life

