# [Z](/major/_6)e[n](/major/_2)yatta

## 기술자

### Mount San

#### Erosion II

Zenyatta surveyed the mountains with vision unimaginable to a human. The being's eyes were replaced ages ago, but today a new sensor was being trialled. 

This master artificer had been living among the peaks of the Meg range for over a timespan that not any current civilization's memory extended, and had been worshipped as a god for almost as long. 

The sensor detected an imperfection in the slope of Mount San that hadn't been picked up in prior scans. Even as an ancient, near-omnipotent being, Zenyatta was still delighted when it's experiments succeeded, though it lacked the facial musculature to display any obvious emotion. 

### Still Human

#### Nanos 

Zen must have paused longer than he'd noticed, because Tosh was approaching from the side. 

The expression on Zenyatta's face told the apprentice everything, and his eyes burst wide. 

This expedition had gone on for over a decade now, they'd pushed the limits of science in their civilization's last attempt to survive the coming ice age. 

Every year the crops yielded less. Every year fewer supplies arrived to the foot of the Meg range. Worse, they'd not had a student or scholar join them in four years.

Famine had struck, and strife came on it's heels. 

And here, on Zen's desk, lay salvation. They'd done it. 

They hadn't a ration between them left, but it didn't matter anymore. They had the Nanos.

#### Feast of a Thousand Kings

Zen ate. 

Tosh ate.

Nanos worked. 

Tosh choked on his food, and started laughing at how ludicrous the idea of having enough to choke on was. They'd rationed themselves to skin and bones years ago. 

Zen laughed too, greedily swallowing the most outrageously delicious wine he'd ever tasted. The sight of the decadence before him was almost as intoxicating as the alcohol. 

The scene continued this way for long enough that they shared a brief look of concern, before Tosh finally drew in an actual breath. 

They went back to eating. The nanos were generating more food around them as they gorged. More than they could ever eat. More than they could even *see.*

They lifted then cheers'd comically sized portions of meat on bones too large to be anything but a fabrication of imagination before tearing off large bites of aromatic, succulent meat. 

The floor beneath them lowered another perceptible millimeter as the nanos collected materials to turn to food. 

Zen ate. 

Tosh ate.

Nanos worked. 

So full on food and drink he was, Zenyatta could barely coordinate the movement of a decadent dessert to his mouth. He managed. 

Tosh broke into laughs again, now that they both couldn't take another bite. They'd saved the world. Hell, they'd saved themselves. He was right to be elated. 

The master Zen nor his last remaining apprentice would have been able to recall when they'd stopped feasting and fallen asleep.

Zen slept. 

Tosh slept. 

Nanos worked. 

#### Erosion I

Zen slept. 

Tosh slept. 

Nanos worked. 

Zen felt a shake. 