# E[ph](/major/_8)rai[m](/major/_4)

## 암살자

### Flooded

#### Too Many Targets

Ephraim's surveying the plaza. Is he stalking this woman, or she him? 

As his eyes trace over these women he sees a horrifying pattern. 

It elucidates slowly, competing with adrenaline as his body begins to understand he's in a trap. 

*They're all the same.*

Panic screams up Ephraim's spine as he stands to leave, or was it a knife?

### Crawl Back From Beneath

#### Trial of the Bell Guardian

A presence is waiting for him. It knows him, but he doesn't know it. The brightness of it's aura is at once startling and reassuring. This presence is so bright and mighty... that no knife will sneak up on Ephraim from the darkness.

One testing finger queries Ephraim's hip. 

*I'm still armed.*

Somehow Ephraim figured that firing upon this being wouldn't be fruitful, though, and he decided to take an easy stance. It wasn't five seconds before the being beckoned at him and began walkin. 

Ephraim followed. 

#### Beckoned Further

Ephraim wasn't one to push his boundaries. He knew his place, his purpose such that he'd chosen it. Life was brutal, no sense adding more suffering than necessary. 

Basking in this aura, though, what once seemed meaningless now seemed obviously imperative. It was frightening! Channeling this much power makes one so vulnerable! How does this being keep going?

#### Ghosts and Totems

It was many days walking before Ephraim spotted the ... spot. A gleaming beacon of light that flitted around among the many blinding auras of the bright one he followed. 

*We're not alone?*

The more he looked at it, the more he could follow it's movement and discern it's form. 

Not just a ball of light. A being. Something besides the brightness of the presence. 

It's smaller light flitted around, occasionally flickering something else into view. Not directly, but by being occluded or refracting unusually through something in the distance. 

*We're moving through a sea of ...others? Can they see me? Can they see...* Ephraim stared towards the perfectly white brightness that he followed. *... it?*

#### Ephraim's Keen Eye

*I was a sharpshooter, in another life. Before I was a killer.*

*Now... I think I might be dead. I've been following it for what feels like an eternity. My body doesn't tire, and it's all encompassing brightness never fades, but I'm certain I've been here as long as I've been alive.*