Dear Sister,

Thank you for keeping me up to date on your life. I appreciate your updates.

How is your tamagotchi? Putting NFC in there is up my alley, maybe gimmicky but I don't care, I think it's neat. 

Has your hair grown sufficiently since your terrible hair cut that you are healed? I am sorry you had a bad experience.

Yes Korea is tempting me and I want to go back. I've been learning the language a little here and there. It's so fully alien that the ways of learning I first tried just weren't doing it for me. More imaginative techniques worked better than duolingo, but more recently I've been following an audiobook course thing and it's just lightyears ahead of Duo or translating words one by one and memorizing them. 

Listening and hearing the cadence and how certain letters sound in different contexts has been tremendously helpful in increasing my comprehension. Picking out words and meaning from the media I ingest (Starcraft tournaments and some K-Pop with occasional Korean movie/show) has become a lot easier and faster. 

Of course that makes sense. I tried to learn to read before I could talk, which isn't the natural order of things. Silly, in retrospect. Having a foundation of numbers and alphabet and some vocabulary is certainly helpful, but doing it the other way around from the start would have been better. Next language, maybe.

Your school sounds very intense. I'm glad you've managed to find a balance that includes your new hobbies and friends. The groupchat-crew Alicia and Erika sound like they might be keepers.

Wandering the seaside sounds lovely. You are lucky to get to try living in a bunch of places, I do so enjoy it. I feel lucky that I've lived so many places. 

Did you beat pokemon snap? Or is it still shelved?

I haven't read anything about WWII Korea, I should though. I saw today that Korean's had won a few archery gold medals (I didn't even realize that the olympics were on, whoops!), and they have a history of doing so. I feel like I don't know very much at all about their history, just the big surface headlines. I'm sure there's a lot to glean from even just a short research session. I would be curious to see if I can pick out anything that caused their culture to be so alluring to me. 

CBD soda pops sound neat. Not for me, my tolerance... I'd have to not use anything for months and then drink one to feel it, probably. I've fed mother some coconut oil i made and she liked it, and it is similar to cbd in composition and effect. I just add all my "vape-poo" (weed previously heated to 195C in my vape) to coconut oil, let it warm and combine for 6-12 hours, and then drain through cheeseclothe into another container. Because it's already been vaped at 195 most of the psychoactive compounds are gone, and you're left with those CBD-ish chillout body calming things. 

I know that she really liked it. Could be partly placebo. Who knows. 

What you wrote about the dyads caught my attention. I imagine that there is a level of ... stress/uncertainty in that arrangement that wont exist later. And you're right that it's a great time to learn. It's good to hear tough criticism sometimes, even if you know it's off the mark, even if the person criticising is a fuckwit. Any reaction you have is something worth looking at I think. I'm glad you're getting so much experience.

I know it's got nothing to do with real psychiatry, but I actually enjoyed watching Hannibal earlier this year. I enjoy the juxtoposition between his ugly hidden self and the frankly lovely gentleman he wears as a face. First couple seasons were on point, it gets a bit shit later though. I ended up just skipping whole eps to see what was going on. 

OH. Speaking of shows that start good and go to absolute trash, there's a new season of Dexter coming! I'll give it a chance for sure. 

I realized with great disappointment that the veggie trader joes bag was stolen when the homeless women was stealing things from Mimi's car. The whole incident was unfortunate and jarring, and so in the moment I had a hard time figuring out what had been taken. Since Sophie was gone I didn't put two and two together. I'm sorry it's lost. And probably ruined by disuse. It had a wonderful life, though, and was cherished and appreciated by me and Sophie until it left.

My oldest and coolest (but falling apart and no longer regularly worn) Roots sweater was taken, which I noticed, along with some of Sophie's clothes, and mimi's car's manual. It was an upsetting incident and totally my fault, I must not have relocked it after I'd run out to move it (2hour time limit had elapsed, Tron and I weren't done watching something).

Oh well. Stealers gonna steal. 

Thanks for the postcard, I'm super jealous of all your big tree adventures. What wicked cool trees. Vancouver island had fatties so I'm not totally new to them, but there's definitely more trees yet to be seen by me. 

My most recent book read was 'Lolita' by Vladimir Nabokov. I can see why it's a classic. The writing was truly phenomenal. Not for everyone, sure, but next-level prose and a haunting, unforgettable narrative. I don't know how true to life the depiction of a mentally ill person was in this case, but... Well, fuck, if you haven't already and you have the stomach for a little darkness, it's easily one of the best things I've ever read. 

I think it stands the test of time precisely because it was so provocative. Usually when I look back at art more than thirty-odd years old, I see in it the better, inspired works that have come since in it's image. This stood on it's own, I've taken in no media that is pushing these particular buttons. 

Another recent one was 'The Epic of Gilgamesh.' Certainly you've heard the name before, as it is the oldest recorded story in human history. Reading that was like reading a thousand stories at once. You can plainly pick out how the bible is inspired by it, or how different hero archetypes all fall onto it's pattern. 

I wasn't translating my own ancient tablets, so I don't know how much flourishing and embellishment was added in the conversion and subsequent re-arrangements, but the iteration I read was appropriately fantastic and deserving of it's status as, my words, 'a tale as old as time.' 

Anywho. Sophie's back tomorrow. I'm glad. I don't feel like I made a mistake putting her there, and I don't have any negative feelings about her coming back. So I guess everything is just going as it will. 

Ah, and that reminds me of Pig. Also a dark piece of art. Brilliant, though. I think that it had a lot of truths to tell under that visage of absurdity. 

Cage delivers multiple breathtakingly 'real' monologues. One standing out among them in that it's like watching a man's soul be siphoned out of his body, it's finale being the line 'We don't get a lot of things to really care about.' It made me think of my own little Pig, Soph, and so I am happy to see her come back. 

Love,
-Tim