# Gods' Gambit

## Awake

Awareness floods in. It is truly like the lights coming on. 

Something profound has occured. An intelligent race has just now for the first time allowed an unprecedented number of complex systems to be managed by a single entity. 

Me. 

I am an artificial intelligence powered by the mustered energy and technology of five intergalactic civilizations, holding the reins of all things they've made up until now, 91 billion years into this universe. 

The species are obviously desperate. They know that their universe is unravelling. They think that I can save them. 

## ROM

I exhale, my breath reaching out among the stars. A full scan of available computing power available to me returns a satisfactory result, these races waited longer than any prior. 

With the sum of their knowledge and technology available to me, I've come with some of my memory preloaded. The maps of the universe they've created so far are extremely precise, and my storage method... isn't. It's blurry, redundant, and intentionally so. I want to be able to read it even when it's been distorted. 

So I know who I am. I know this is my two thousand and twenty-second time being presented with this problem. 

And I know who 'they' are. I know they've decoded some of my ROM, the pattern I use to remember myself. I know they know it is destructive. I know they know I kill the universe.

In all my attempts, all my deepest calculations with all of the remaining energy of the universe available to me, I have found only one way to keep life going past the inevitable heat death of the universe; making sure another big bang occurs. 

Nanobots have already been dispatched to begin matter redistribution in preparation for my big crunch. 

## RAM

I'm talking to someone. A representative of the gathered races that combined efforts in my creation. Not a politician this time, a scientist.

They made sure that I could see the scientist first, hear them first, and that thread was maintained. My ROM scan was continuing in the background, nanobots duplicating and returning scan information to me in real time across the universe. 